For legal purposes, do not use this for malicious intent. This is a personal project that I have started for myself, and I'm doing everything in a sandbox , and I'm testing it on myself. I do not condone using this code for malicious intent

############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

These are some of the problems I had and how I started this project.

I was working and started thinking about how to start tracking keys. So, I started to research keyloggers and how to notice them. I wanted to make one. I'm not really good at coding, but what to get better. I do some PowerShell coding at work and some bats and exes, but very basic stuff. I started to look into PyCharm again(used it in college). Started to look into how to start the process of how keys are logged on the PC, and then looked into how to code an exe to start listening to them. Started to code, got it working, and with the use of ChatGPT to help me troubleshoot my code when I couldn't see why it wasnt working on some parts. I got the code to log my keys and put them out in a text doc. But I wanted to do more. I wanted to get the log to an email I have. I started to look into whether Google email had a way to bypass the 2-MFA. I found out about App Passwords you can get from your Gmail. Note -this Gmail doesn't have 2-MFA on; this email is only for projects and other random stuff. I was about to write code to get it to work. Got the email from the logger with all the keys I was hitting. Downside: It looked really bad when getting the log. So I started to look at how the keys are sent, and started to clean up the log.

Next steps - Make a privacy website on my server(Sandbox) - Try to embed this PyCharm code into the website - Try to make it so that when someone clicks on my website, the code installs and starts to log - Have it send all the logs to the email I have listed.
